=head1 NAME

DbToRia - Database to Rich Internet Application

=head1 DESCRIPTION

DbToRia is generic sql database frontend. Just point it to your database and
get a user friendly web interface. By providing DbToRia with additional
information about the nature of your database the userinterface can be
further optimized.

=head1 SETUP

=head2 Quick Start

We assume you have DBI and the respektive DBD module for your database already installed.
Now get Mojo and the Mojo qooxdoo dispatcher and the config grammar module:

 cd ./setup
 ./make_thirdparty.sh

Edit the F<backend/etc/dbtoria.cfg> file to point to the database of your choice.

With this set you are ready to run dbtoria with its built in webserver for testing

 ./backend/bin/dbtoria.pl daemon

(oh and you need to build the frontend and you need to setup a database ... will describe later)

--------------------------------------------------------
steps performed by :m) to get the frontend up & running:
--------------------------------------------------------

(note: 
first installed Postgres and initialized Pg-DB with 
backend/t/init/init_pg_test_db.sql
configured backend/etc/dbtoria.cfg with the following dsn:
dsn = DBI:Pg:database=dbtoria_test_db;host=localhost
and then ran test perl backend/t/01_simple.t to check that
DB is accessible.)

download http://qooxdoo.org/download ('latest stable')
unzip sdk to /my/favourite/path
	(enter your path here..)

cd frontend

bash generate.sh /my/favourite/path/qooxdoo-1.4-sdk/ source-all

(waiting some time..)

This is what the output looked like:
============================================================================
    INITIALIZING: FRONTEND
============================================================================
>>> Configuration: config.json
>>> Resolving config includes...
  - Warning: ! Shadowing job "libraries" with local one
  - Warning: ! Shadowing job "build" with local one
  - Warning: ! Shadowing job "pretty" with local one
>>> Jobs: source-all
>>> Resolving jobs...
>>> Incorporating job defaults...
>>> Resolving macros...
>>> Resolving libs/manifests...
      - downloaded contrib: ComboTable/trunk

============================================================================
    EXECUTING: SOURCE-ALL::SOURCE-ALL-SCRIPT
============================================================================
>>> Initializing cache...
  - Cleaning compile cache, as tool chain has changed
  - Deleting compile cache
>>> Scanning libraries...
  - Scanning /tmp/ti_QX_CACHE/downloads/ComboTable/trunk...
  - Scanning /home/ti/daten/programmieren/qooxdoo-sdk/qooxdoo-1.4-sdk//framework...
  - Scanning /home/ti/daten/programmieren/oetiker/dbtoria/DbToRia/frontend...
>>> Warning: Excludes may break code ([u'qx.test.*', u'dbtoria.test.*', u'dbtoria.simulation.*'])
  - Warning: Skipping unresolvable exclude entry: "dbtoria.simulation.*"
>>> Resolving dependencies
  -  _____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________*___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________*______*******_____*******___________*_______*________*________*___________*____*______________________******________________________________________________________________________****_______****************______________*_______*___*****__________***___________******_____******___________***********_________****************__*********_________________________________*******************_________*****_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________**********************************____*********************************************************************___*****_____********************************************************_________**__**_____***********************************************************____________________**********______________________________________*******************************___********************************************_____****************************___*************************************______________*_______******************__**************************************************__****______*******************__***********************_____________________________*******************************************_*****___******************************************************___***********__********************
  - Warning: Hint: Unknown global symbol referenced: j (dbtoria.db.Table:218)
  - Warning: Hint: Unknown global symbol referenced: getTableStructure (dbtoria.db.Table:441)
  - Warning: Hint: Unknown global symbol referenced: okButton (dbtoria.dialog.Choice:117)
  - Processing explicitly configured includes/excludes...
  - Sorting 755 classes ...................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
>>> Generate source version...
  - Processing translations for 3 locales 
    - Package 0:  10% 20% 30% 40% 50% 60% 70% 80% 90% 100%
  - Generating boot script...
>>> Done (1m43.22)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
ln -s /my/favourite/path/qooxdoo-sdk/ qooxdoo-sdk

in a browser (firefox with firebug active), open
http://localhost:3000/source/index.html

..but only getting a white window. :-(

Mojo-output (server console):
Tue Apr 12 08:34:47 2011 debug Mojolicious::Plugin::RequestTimer:24 [22356]: GET /qooxdoo-sdk/qooxdoo-1.4-sdk/framework/source/class/qx/bom/client/Event.js (Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; de; rv:1.9.2.13) Gecko/20101206 Ubuntu/10.04 (lucid) Firefox/3.6.13).
Tue Apr 12 08:34:47 2011 debug Mojolicious::Routes:418 [22356]: Dispatching callback.
Tue Apr 12 08:34:47 2011 debug Mojolicious::Plugin::EplRenderer:61 [22356]: Template "abframeworksourcec.html.ep" not found.
Tue Apr 12 08:34:47 2011 debug Mojo::Server:48 [22356]: Waiting for delayed response, forgot to render or resume?

what have I missed out?