=head1 NAME

DbToRia Development

=head2 DESCRIPTION

With the basic structure of DbToRia in place, there are still some
elements missing for a public release.

The following work packages are largely independent. They will lead to
a fully working DbToRia version with a feature set similar to that of
Gedafe, allowing drop-in replacement of Gedafe without modifications
to the database.

There will also be sample applications and software packages for
simple installation and testing.


The current project leader (PL) of DbToRia is Tobi Oetiker.

=head2 Implementation Approach

To ensure implementation consistency and quality, development follows
a few simple rules:

=over

=item 1.

Select task from task list below. Discuss with PL.

=item 2.

Prepare implementation concept and plan. Discuss with PL.

=item 3.

Document, implement, test. Send pull request to PL.

=back

=head1 WORK PACKAGES

=head2 Missing Features

While the basic functionality is already available, the feature set is
still incomplete in order to replace Gedafe with DbToRia in an
existing Gedafe application.

=head3 Direct Access URL

The filter and the selected sort order of a view or table is
reflected in the browser URL such that bookmarking will allow to
re-open the view directly.

Status: available,
Effort: 3h

=head3 Configurable Toolbar Content

The top row of the DbToRia frontend should contain a configurable set
of toolbar buttons for directly accessing tables, view or reports.

=over

=item

Gedafe-compatible toolbar configuration based on table naming scheme.

=item

The buttons are configurable on a per-application base from the server
side.

Status: available,
Effort: 4h

=head3 Gedafe Friendly Names Cache

In gedafeSQL field names in tables are unique. This allows to identify
appropriate friendly names for view fields even when none are defined
directly.

Status: available,
Effort: 3h

=head3 Default Values in New Records

The New Record form is populated with default values from the database.

Status: available,
Effort: 2h

=head3 Pearl Reports Integration

Gedafe Pearl can be used within DbToRia. Pearl reports show up in
iframes and have support for printing.

Status: available,
Effort: 6h


=head2 Additional Features

The following feature extend the functionality of Gedafe.

None right now ...


=head2 Installation

Provide simple installation mechanisms for various platforms to allow
easy trial installations as well as integration into an existing
infrastructure.

=head3 autoconf

Konfiguration using autoconf.

Status: available,
Effort: ?

=head3 Redhat

dbtoria.rpm package.

Status: available,
Effort: ?

=head3 Debian/Ubuntu

dbtoria.deb package.

Status: available,
Effort: ?

=head3 Windows

dbtoria.exe installer.

Status: available,
Effort: ?

=head3 Example applications

=item Publication database

=back

Status: available,
Effort: ?

=head2 Documentation

=head3 Installation

Status: available,
Effort: ?

=head3 Application Developer

Status: available,
Effort: ?

=head3 End-user

Status: available,
Effort: ?

=head3 Website

Move to SilverStripe CMS.

Status: available,
Effort: ?

=head3 Source Code

=over

=item Remove dead code

=item Cleanup directory structure

=item Modularize some larger classes.

=item Lint check for all js files.

=item Fix all FIX ME things in the code.

=item Fix SVN Id strings.

=item Make sure docu of functions is up-to-date (watch out for
      cut/paste errors).

=item Check authorship and licence info.

=back

Status: available,
Effort: ?

=head3 Review

=over

=item Check completeness.

=item Fix language issues.

=back

Status: available,
Effort: ?

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2011 by OETIKER+PARTNER AG. All rights reserved.

=head1 LICENSE

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.

=head1 AUTHORS

S<Tobias Oetiker E<lt>tobi@oetiker.chE<gt>>,
S<Fritz Zaucker E<lt>fritz.zaucker@oetiker.chE<gt>>

=head1 HISTORY

 2011-04-010 to Initial version.
 2011-04-012 fz Added installation/documentation.
